so do it all in here it's deliver the
first and that means that I tours over
september-october November yep that's
right earlier in october i published a
video review of two apps designed by
ultimate guitar and these two apps were
the chords app and the metronome app and
i told you that i would be randomly
picking at the end of the month for
comments two of these comments will go
in the chords app and two of these
comments would win the metronome app I
picked the four winners randomly for
that I had 72 comments and I use the
website called random.org which
generates random numbers the two winners
who won the chords app our aims disciple
and bub Zulu bug Zulu you win everything
on my channel that's weird it really was
random I promised so congratulations to
both of you as far as the metronome app
i also picked two random comments in
these comments were posted by pandey 210
and it's a weird nickname so the weird
nickname one that too w 1111 I can't
tell if it's ones or elles finishes with
a 9 mu1 great check the description of
this video the four entries who won are
posted there if your name is in there
you're going to receive very shortly an
email for myself on youtube giving you
the access code to download your free
app Congrats i hope you enjoyed this
thanks for watching stay tuned tomorrow
new video Nuala video every day actually
so thank you very much for watching my
videos I really appreciate your support
and your help I'll see you next time and
until then city
you